Update README.md (#15)
SAP-samples/cloud-cap-walkthroughs: exercises-java/exercise2/README.md

## Use CAP's generic persistence handling

> The CAP Java stack has a [Persistence Service](https://cap.cloud.sap/docs/java/srv-run#persistenceservice) that provides out-of-the-box capabilities to store and retrieve entities from a database. Therefore no custom coding is required for this. The entities defined in your `AdminService` will be automatically served via OData and you can just delete the `AdminService.java` file that was created earlier.

Reviewer: /docs/java/consumption-api#persistenceservice

> The CAP Java stack has a [Persistence Service](https://cap.cloud.sap/docs/java/srv-run#persistenceservice) that provides out-of-the-box capabilities to store and retrieve entities from a database. Therefore no custom coding is required for this. The entities defined in your `AdminService` will be automatically served via OData and you can just delete the `AdminService.java` file that was created earlier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CAP Java stack has a [Persistence Service](https://cap.cloud.sap/docs/java/consumption-api#persistenceservice) that provides out-of-the-box capabilities to store and retrieve entities from a database. Therefore no custom coding is required for this. The entities defined in your `AdminService` will be automatically served via OData and you can just delete the `AdminService.java` file that was created earlier.
```
